Added a limited implementation of the OTP ets interface (#1054)
atomvm/AtomVM: doc/src/programmers-guide.md

The PackBEAM tool does not include file and line information in the AVM files it creates, but file and line information can be included via a command line option.  For information about the PackBEAM too, see the [`PackBEAM` tool](#Packbeam_tool).

### ETS Tables

AtomVM includes a limited implementation of the Erlang [`ets`](https://www.erlang.org/doc/man/ets) interface, allowing applications to efficiently store term data in a potentially shared key-value store.  Conceptually, and ETS table is a collection of key-value pairs (represented as Erlang tuples), which can be efficiently stored, retrieved, and deleted using insertion, lookup, and deletion functions across processes.  Storage and retrieval of data in ETS tables is typically faster than communicating with a process which stores state, but still comes at a cost of copying data in and out of the ETS tables.

The current AtomVM implementation of ETS is limited to the `set` table type, meaning that all entries in an ETS table are unique, and that the entries in the ETS table are unordered, when enumerated.

> The `ordered_set`, `bag`, and `duplicate_bag` OTP ETS types are not currently supported.

> The lifecycle of an ETS table is associated with the the lifecycle of the the Erlang processes that created it.  An Erlang process may create as many ETS tables as memory permits, but ETS tables are automatically destroyed when the process with which they are associated terminate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The lifecycle of an ETS table is associated with the lifecycle of the Erlang process that created it.  An Erlang process may create as many ETS tables as memory permits, but ETS tables are automatically destroyed when the process with which they are associated terminates.
```

> Note.  AtomVM does not currently support transfer of ETS table ownership across processes.

To create an ETS table, use the `ets:new/2` function:

```erlang
TableId = ets:new(my_table, [])
```

The first argument is the table name, which may be optionally registered internally.  The second parameter is a list of configuration options.  The return value is an opaque reference to the table, which can be used in subsequent ETS operations.  If the table is specified as a named table (see below), then the return value is the atom used to name the table (i.e., the first parameter to the `ets:new/2` function).

> The process that creates an ETS table becomes the "owner" of the ETS table.  Any ETS tables owned by a process are automatically destroyed when the process terminates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The process that creates an ETS table becomes the "owner" of the ETS table. ETS tables owned by a process are automatically destroyed when the process terminates.
```
